hello I'm Kelly galloping for the next
90 minutes or so I'm gonna take you on a
guided trip down the Madison River
there's pretty typical of the the first
three miles or so of the river
intermittent riffles like it's you know
real slight ripples but a lot of really
glassy water which is just classic dry
fly water this is pretty impressive
water through here and again it's just
gonna be just like we're looking at
right now lots of pockets
lots of tail outs like the two gentlemen
below me that are fishing just whole you
know pool tail out riffle
this is the $3 bridge this whole side
again is public land we'll go down and
look off the bridge here in a minute
you'll see there's just from Reynolds
bridge to here again it's all public
down almost or the corner there to Big
Bend and there's access all the way
around it there's just there's so much
water here you couldn't use it up in a
summer the first landing will be 8 mile
and then the next one just a little ways
down is Burt tree and then the next one
is the top of the Wade water a tennis
bridge at 287 there this is the whole
Jamie crane calls the casino whole
because it's money god yeah oh he's not
a 7-pound or but he'll he's a jumpy
little guy oh yeah yeah what a slam he
was
just a little guy he just railed it
flies half as big as his head